
INTRO TEXT 1

Aconite Creations specialises in high quality, bespoke costumes and historicaly inspired gowns.
The costumes are made according to your detailed specification. You will be extensively consulted to ensure complete satisfaction and love every detail of your commission.

This unique outfit can be constructed for historical accuracy or modified to produce a sumptous fantasy!

Aconite strives for a high level of finish, incorporating couture techniques into elaborate costumes, believing the inside of a garment should be as attactive as the outside.

/Assets/images/Buy now/Accessories/MuffPile.jpg

INTRO TEXT 2

Although there is a huge range of possible costumes, a costume like the one on the right, consists of a specialy constructed bodice and skirt to form the main costume.
A feathered headress with frontpiece emphasises the theme and provides a stunning side view. This is further amplified with the addition of the armplate.

The copper wings and back pack complement the bustle in the skirt to provide a full 360 degree vista and complete the Victorian steampunk, bird theme.

INTRO TEXT 3

You may have a fixed idea of how you would like your costume to look, or may need to discuss your requiremts in order provivde that final inspiration.
Either way it is easy to contact us, and we will be happy to discuss general or very specific matters in order to help you accquire a costume of your dreams.

We want you to be more than happy with every detail of your commission and will keep you informed of the progress throughout its design and construction and through to the final posting.

Why not contact us to open a discussion of your requirements?



INTRO TEXT 4

If you are considering an outfit for a special occasion, it is important that we start planning as early as possible because the design and sourcing of materials, from home and abroad can take some time.
Remember the outfit can be adorned with specially made accessories. You may wish to consider hats, masks, gloves and belts which can accentuate your theme.

You may wish to share a theme with others in a group, whilst each retains their individuality, but please remember group costumes require a great deal more time to design and create.


Colours


Light cream (h2)
#FDFDEB
HEX
253,253,235
RGB

Dark cream (button background-color)
#E6DEAD
HEX
230,222,173
RGB

light gold ()

#C5B475
HEX
197,180,117
RGB

dark gold (h1)
#8B7325
HEX
139,115,37
RGB
